---
layout: post
title: In love with my new Kindle 3
categories: 
- amazon
- happy
- kindle
- myself
- Personal
---

When the original Kindle released, I didn’t bite. I decided to wait until version 3. That wait ended this past week. My new *<a href="http://www.amazon.com/Kindle-Wireless-Reader-Wifi-Graphite/dp/B003DZ1Y8Q/ref=wl_it_dp_o?ie=UTF8&coliid=I184ONRAK0VVFQ&colid=9ZJRDRPK4SXS">Kindle 3</a>* arrived on Thursday. It was worth the wait.


p. To catch some of you up to speed, the Kindle is a wireless reading device. It holds books like an iPod holds music. And, just like an iPod, it does a lot more.


p. At some point in the future, I may share a more comprehensive review of the Kindle. But, for now, let me give my first impressions of the new device.


<ul>
<li>The size and shape lives up to the hype. It’s very sleek. I can’t believe that this device stores 3,500 books.</li>
<li>Although the functionality is relatively intuitive, I’m still finding myself referring back to the user’s guide to learn how to use some of the features.</li>
<li>You can read more than books. You can also subscribe to newspapers, magazines and blogs. I’m testing a free trial version of _USA Today_. The newspaper is waiting for me on the Kindle when I wake up in the morning. That’s pretty amazing.</li>

<li>The wireless functionality is free after you make the initial purchase. And, true to Amazon’s promise, my first book downloaded in less than a minute.</li>
<li>The fact that it’s wireless means I can also access the Web. The Kindle becomes a relatively good way to keep up with blogs when I’m on the go. </li>
<li>I also wish there was a clock in the top header where the wireless and battery icons are located. I like getting lost in a book, but I also need to know how long I’ve been reading at times.</li>
<li>My favorite part of using the Kindle may be the ease of adding highlights and notes to what I’m reading and I can share them with other Kindle users or with my friends on <a href="http://facebook.com/marius.voila">Facebook</a> or <a href="http://twitter.com/abisdemon">Twitter</a>. It’s going to make blogging a lot easier, because I can download all my notes to my computer for editing and inclusion into blog posts.</li>
</ul>
p. After I purchased my first iPod it was only a matter of months before I stopped buying CDs. I can easily see how having the Kindle will likely mean I’ll only purchase and read electronic versions of books going forward. Books are cheaper that way. And, honestly, it’s a lot easier for me to have several books available on my Kindle than trying to carry books around in my book bag when I travel.


p. Just in case you’re curious, Kamelot′s <a href="http://www.amazon.com/Poetry-For-The-Poisoned/dp/B0041A6J3W/ref=sr_shvl_album_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1302172397&sr=301-1">_Poetry For The Poisoned_</a> was the first album I downloaded to my iPod. And Sun Tzu’s <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004NIFPJQ/ref=docs-os-doi_0">_Art Of War_</a> was the first book I downloaded to my Kindle 3.



p. Any other Kindle owners out there? What do you have to add to this initial review?

